docs(tile) feature flag usage, style, code tab update (#4266)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/tile/usage.mdx

Use single-select tiles when the user can only select one tile from a tile
group.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Single-select tile with feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-single-select-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Single-select tile with feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-single-select-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Multi-select

Use multi-select tiles when the user can select multiple tiles from a tile
group.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Multi-select tile with feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-multi-select-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Multi-select tile with feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-multi-select-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Anatomy of selectable tile with feature flags](images/tile-usage-selectable-anatomy.png)

<Caption>Anatomy of selectable tile with feature flags</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

1. **Container**: Contains all content within a tile.
2. **Text**: The text within a tile.

> 3. **Icon**: The icon that visually indicates the tile is selectable.

Author: I like it! Will update.

which can be clicked on.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Clickable areas of base tile with interactive elements](images/tile-usage-base-clickable-areas.png)

<Caption>Clickable areas of base tile with interactive elements</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Clickable

Clickable tiles can be used as navigational elements that redirect the user to a
new page. In these situations, the entire tile is in a clickable state. Due to
accessibility concerns, clickable tiles cannot contain separate internal CTAs
but can contain pictograms, icons, or media such as illustrations or images.

Clickable tile has an available
[feature flag](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/overview/feature-flag/).

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Clickable tile with feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-clickable-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Clickable tile with feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-clickable-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Anatomy of clickable tile with a feature flag](images/tile-usage-clickable-anatomy.png)

> <Caption>Anatomy of clickable tile with a feature flag</Caption>

Reviewer: "a feature flag" sounds vague, feel free to ignore suggestion though. 

```suggestion
<Caption>Anatomy of clickable tile with the feature flag enabled</Caption>
```

![Example of "do" on clickable tile](images/tile-usage-clickable-arrow-pictogram-do.png)

  </DoDont>

  <DoDont type="dont" caption="Do not add interactive links or components on clickable tiles.">

![Example of "do not" on clickable tile](images/tile-usage-clickable-link-dont.png)

  </DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

### States

Clickable tiles have **enabled**, **hover**, **focus**, and **disabled** states.
For more information about clickable tile states, see the
[Style](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/style) tab.

### Interactions

#### Mouse

The clickable tile is triggered by clicking anywhere within the tile container.

#### Keyboard

- `Tab` moves focus forward through clickable tiles in a logical order.
- `Shift` + `Tab`moves focus backward through clickable tiles in a logical
  order.
- `Enter` activates the tile and navigates you to its destination.

### Clickable areas

Clickable tiles can be triggered by clicking anywhere on the tiles container.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Clickable areas of clickable tile with a feature flag](images/tile-usage-clickable-clickable-areas.png)

> <Caption>Clickable areas of clickable tile with a feature flag</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Clickable areas of clickable tile with the feature flag enabled</Caption>
```

Selectable tile has available
[feature flags](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/overview/feature-flag/).

### Single-select

Use single-select tiles when the user can only select one tile from a tile
group.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Single-select tile with feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-single-select-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Single-select tile with feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-single-select-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Multi-select

Use multi-select tiles when the user can select multiple tiles from a tile
group.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Multi-select tile with feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-multi-select-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Multi-select tile with feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-selectable-multi-select-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Anatomy of selectable tile with feature flags](images/tile-usage-selectable-anatomy.png)

> <Caption>Anatomy of selectable tile with feature flags</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Anatomy of selectable tile with the feature flags enabled</Caption>
```

</Column>
</Row>

1. **Container**: Contains all content within a tile.
2. **Text**: The text within a tile.
3. **Icon**: The icon that visually indicates the tile is selectable.
4. **Border**: The border that visually indicates the tile is interactive.

### States

Selectable tiles have **enabled**, **hover**, **hover selected**, **selected**,
**focus**, and **disabled** states. For more information about base tile states,
see the [Style](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/style/) tab.

### Interactions

#### Mouse

The clickable tile is triggered by clicking anywhere within the tile container.

#### Keyboard

- `Tab` moves focus forward through selectable tiles in a logical order.
- `Shift` + `Tab` moves focus backward through selectable tiles in a logical
  order.
- `Enter` selects the tile.

### Clickable areas

Selectable tiles can be selected by clicking anywhere on the tiles container.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Clickable areas of selectable tile with feature flags](images/tile-usage-selectable-clickable-areas.png)

> <Caption>Clickable areas of selectable tile with feature flags</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Clickable areas of selectable tile with the feature flags enabled</Caption>
```

Use the container expansion functionality to expand and collapse the tile when
there are no interactive elements.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Expandable tile without interactive elements feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-expandable-non-interactive-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Expandable tile without interactive elements feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-expandable-non-interactive-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### With interactive elements

Use the button expansion functionality to expand and collapse the tile when
including interactive elements.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<Tabs>

<Tab label="Flag enabled">

![Expandable tile with interactive elements feature flag enabled](images/tile-usage-expandable-interactive-flag-enabled.png)

</Tab>

<Tab label="Flag disabled">

![Expandable tile with interactive elements feature flag disabled](images/tile-usage-expandable-interactive-flag-disabled.png)

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Anatomy of expandable tile with a feature flag](images/tile-usage-expandable-anatomy.png)

> <Caption>Anatomy of expandable tile with a feature flag</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Anatomy of expandable tile with the feature flag enabled</Caption>
```

[Style](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/style/) tab.

### Interactions

#### Mouse

- Without interactive elements: The tile is expanded by clicking anywhere within
  the tile container.
- With interactive elements: The tile is expanded by clicking on the button in
  the bottom right of the tile.

#### Keyboard

- `Tab` moves focus forward through tiles. If there are interactive elements,
  `Tab` moves focus forward in a logical order.
- `Shift` + `Tab` moves focus backward through tiles. If there are interactive
  elements, `Tab` moves focus forward in a logical order.
- `Enter` expands and collapses the tile.

### Clickable areas

If the expandable tile does not have interactive elements, it can be expanded or
collapsed by clicking anywhere on the tiles container. If the expandable tile
has interactive elements, it can be expanded or collapsed by clicking on the
button in the bottom right corner. Interactive elements within a tile can also
be clicked on and have their own click targets.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Clickable areas of expandable tile with a feature flag](images/tile-usage-expandable-clickable-areas.png)

> <Caption>Clickable areas of expandable tile with a feature flag</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Clickable areas of expandable tile with the feature flag enabled</Caption>
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Base, clickable, and selectable tiles with AI presence and feature flags](images/tile-usage-AI-presence.png)

<Caption>

>   Base, clickable, and selectable tiles with AI presence and feature flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Base, clickable, and selectable tiles with AI presence and feature flags enabled
```
